Section 1: General Principles
  1. The Republic of Aurora will continue the exercise of her national sovereignty and enjoy high degree of independent executive, legislative, judicial, administrative, foreign affairs and defense power.

  2. The Republic of Aurora will continue the protect of the rights and freedoms of all citizen and of all other person in accordance with law.

  3. Equity and customary laws previously in force in the Republic shall be maintained, except any that contravene with the Constitution of Synercraft Network and other all network-wide laws, regulations and orders in force by the Network.

  4. English and Traditional Chinese is used as the official languages by the executive authorities, legislature, judiciary of the Republic of Aurora, the English version shall prevail. For network-wide agreements and other specified government documents, Traditional Chinese version shall prevail.


Section 2: Fundamental Rights and Responsibility of Citizens
  1. All Aurora Citizens shall be equal before the law.

  2. The provision of the of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights are applied to the Republic and shall enact laws to be implemented in future.

  3. Aurora Citizens and other persons in the Republic of Aurora shall have the obligation to abide by the laws in force in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China.


Section 3: Executive Power
  1. The President of the Republic of Aurora shall be the head of the Republic, accountable to the citizens of the Republic of Aurora under the appointments by the President of Synercraft Network.

  2. The President of the Republic of Aurora shall be the Chief Commander of the Military of the Republic of Aurora.

  3. The National Safety Council of the Republic of Aurora shall be an organization for assisting the President in policy-making and national defense.

  4. Under the appoint of the President of Synercraft Network, members of the Network Executive Committee will be joining the National Safety Council to assist the President of the Republic of Aurora.

5. The President of the Republic of Aurora can appoint additional members for the National Safety Council. Members of the National Safety Council shall be Aurora Citizens.

6. The President of the Republic of Aurora have the rights dissolve the Collective Council after declaration of a national emergency.


Section 4: Legislative Power
  1. The Collective Council of the Republic of Aurora shall be the legislature of the Republic.

  2. The Collective Council of the Republic of Aurora shall be constituted by elections.

  3. A Provisional Collective Council shall be established after the dissolve of the Collective Council and can be constituted by appointment and election.


Section 5: Economic and Foreign Affairs
  1. Trade Agreements and Diplomatic Relations in force with other nations or regions shall be maintained, except any that contravene with the Constitution of Synercraft Network and other network-wide laws in force by the Network.

  2. The provision of the Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations are applied to the Republic and shall enact laws to be implemented in future.
